I will not do it again for real
God
step of soto and continue chis
with me so I know
with the new and with the ex but backs
of the serves for living I did not learn the
lesson while trying to recover the
trust of Lourdes well for the last
adorned in less than a week returns to
they have failed with their hands in the dough
with two other women an unknown and
the worst enemy of your unconditional
we arrived he was already inside her
andy our repentance before
cameras lies on his face his
professional vowing eternal love and
then he goes off on a spree to see what lifts
look at him making this bar
dancer
uh, what happened to that and a boy gets
good with anding we have a pretty
friendship is a very special friend that
Like you also said it good
we carry all of us well
ingoal if we go well when we go out
outside that he remembers some some
in speed
and it seems that after applauding the andi
he received his prize
it's not that I won I got afloat
at five in the morning you know where
is or does not imagine good communication
in the morning up
four helps and the doctor said lady to
your child will suffer from epilepsy going to
suffer from epilepsy that has that
difference and watch pcia
the lady sitting at 200 dancers and
all of that is watching a disco and the
Once is a friend that I know in her time
back a long time ago we do not work
together as he worked with a lot of ballerina
as
but this is not the worst lourdes if you're
seeing this better sit down and drink water
of chance because you can not imagine with whom
It was found andy only 48 hours ago
make mischief
this night of mischief tonight I
through the early morning of last Monday in
a record of the olive trees have lived was
caught in flirtations with nothing less than
the redhead lizeth silva yes to her ex the
archienemiga de lourdes thus
What are you going to do if your days last better?
skin
they were so happy laughing at the
life that immortalized the encounter by
the self and well combed cheek with
slap
mouth with mouth
yes
andy the rule the town lizette not
wants me to teach more than the account is
jealous if someone else look what
surely he still considers his
property to her does not cause any
annoyance those rights and less when
andy tries to steal a kiss from her
Follow the game and ask him to hit the
face to take a fearsome photo
love that where there was fire ashes
remain
the attitude are friends with right is
true that
I do not know why
she cares more with you what more
Affects him
my children hurt
it's found
you were already throwing your darts by
social networks my motto I have to
to tempt him take me out but not
leave me ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha I do not
I would grab Andy and just give him anger
she although ha ha ha ha
the tongue redhead gives no pity
for the horned crown and andy him
I bet lourdes with three women
different in less than a week to
I know that you
and andy and he has to say in his defense
so the challenges and
efforts to reconquer his
journalist now if someone got the
leg to the bottom